Add issue templates (#195)
qfall/math: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation.md

---
name: Documentation
about: Report a problem with the documentation
title: ''
labels: "documentation"
assignees: ''

---

<!--

> Thank you for filing out a documentation issue!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for filing a documentation issue!
```

As documentation issues can be quite versatile,

> feel free to describe them in a way that you find best for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feel free to adapt this form in a way that you find best for it.
```
